Keema Aaloo (minced meat with potatoes)
Total preparation time: appr 45 minutes.

Supplies:
- Half a kg of minced meat
- 3 (medium) large or 4-5 smaller onions
- a few cloves of garlic (3-4 larger or 5-6 smaller)
- 1 tomato (medium size)
- Olive oil or salad oil, enough to have a small layer in the 
bottom of your pan 
- 4-5 small or 2-3 large floury potatoes, cut in cubes
- spices: 1 tbs salt, 1 tsp curry powder, 1 tsp red hot chilli powder, 1 tspcumin powder, 
several tsps coriander powder, 2 large bay leaves
(if you wish, add garam masala instead of cumin and coriander powder)
- (boiled or cold) water 
(to add sips so the food does not burn during stir-fry better (bhoonna) 


Preparation:
1. Cut the onions into thin long pieces, you will get thin arches, 
the thinner you cut them, the easier they will be cooked. 
2. Peel the garlic cloves and crush them.
3. Put the oil in the pan and let it get a little warm.
4. When the oil is hot, add onions and stir-fry.
5. Fry the onions a bit.
6. When the onions are fried a little, add the crushed garlic. Stir well. 
Now you let them turn golden brown together. 
7. Keep adding a sip of water while frying the onions and garlic,
if you think the mixture is going to burn.
8. While the onions and garlic are fryting, cut the tomato into cubes.
9. Put all the spices on the tomato cubes.
10. When the onions and garlic are golden brown, add the sliced 
tomatoes all the spices on them. 
11. Now that you added chilli powder, your mixture might burn more 
easily, so while stir-frying, add a sip of water every now and then.
12. Make sure that the onion-garlic-tomato-spice mixture is well mixed 
so that it becomes 1 whole, almost a kind of paste, but it's okay if there 
are still pieces of whole onions or tomatoes in it. When a layer of oil 
comes on top, this mixture is cooked, so the layer of oil should be on 
top of the layer of this mixture (salen) as a separate layer.
13. Now add the potatoes cubes. Bake the potatoes for about 5 minutes 
on medium heat.
14. Now add the minced meat. Stir everything well and add a dessert 
spoon of only coriander, make sure everything is well mixed in the pan.
15. Put the lid half on the pan and let the minced meat and potatoes 
simmer on low heat. 
16. Occasionally you can add another spoonful of coriander powder and 
stir well, sometimes you have to do this a few times. 
17. The minced meat will be cooked by itself. Once added, you don't have 
to add sips of water of anymore. the minced meat will not burn quickly 
on a low heat and (fat) moisture from the minced meat itself will you dish 
to be cooked without burning. Stirring occasionally is sufficient.
18. Cut through a potato with a sharp knife to check if it is soft enough,
the minced meat itself is often ready before the potatoes, but that is not 
a disaster. By baking the potatoes first, you ensure that 
when you add the minced meat, you don't have to stir-fry it very long and that 
makes the minced meat taste better.

The less you stir-fry minced meat, the better it tastes, as it becomes too
dry when you overcook it. 

Enjoy your meal!
